What happened to Shen Tianheng?
This is the uncle of Vice President Shen Sanye Shen
What do you take people for?
Come here.
What is the posture of the Shen family?
How can you make your own decisions about marriage?
Just looking for such a second married woman
You also want to give him more than half of the shares of the Shen family
What do you want?
Jinxi is my wife
Please be careful what you say.
Your grandfather
I've always wanted you to climb the Gu family marriage
Tonight's banquet
It's for the eldest lady
If the Gu family knew about this
Can you afford it?
The Gu family doesn't support me
I can hold on by myself
If the Gu family is dissatisfied with me
I'll handle it myself
No wonder Shen Yanzhen agreed to marry me
It turned out that he was afraid of being arranged by his family for marriage.
Even a family woman
What about the old man?
The old man values his origin the most
He wants you to meet the eldest lady
If I let him know
You married such a woman
Ye, I will explain it myself.
It doesn't count if you say it.
This Shen Yanzhen is actually for me
Dare to fight against family marriage
So responsible
If you don't divorce him
Don't even think about entering the Shen family's door
Uncle, you are my elder.
I call you uncle
You can't stop my opinion
Because I am the head of the Shen family
you
Well, then you go and tell the old man
Anyway, the grandmother of the Shen family can't be like this
Miss Dawn
Since the Shen family doesn't welcome you so much
You still consider cooperating with Huanyu
Don't worry, we will never mind your personal affairs.
Mr. Li, thank you for your kindness.
OK, OK. OK.
Don't worry, I'm in charge of the Gu family.